[Music]
To add Storyteller as an integration, go
to settings, then integrations, and
click add new. From the list of options,
select storyteller. You'll now see
several fields that need to be filled
out. Start by giving your integration a
name, something that helps you easily
recognize it. Then decide whether this
storage source should be shared with
others or kept private for your use
only. To access the API key, log in to
Storyteller.
Go to apps where you can select the app
you want to connect to.
Copy the API key and paste it into the
corresponding field in cutting room.
Then choose your workflow and click
save.
With the storyteller integration, you
can only export videos from cutting room
to storyteller.
To do this, once you're happy with the
video you want to export, click render
and select Storyteller as the export
destination. Here you can rename the
video and choose the version you want to
export. When you're ready, click export
to Storyteller.
After a short moment, the video will
appear in Storyteller. To find the video
you just exported, create a new clip or
story in Storyteller.
Then click edit in Studio. In this
interface, you'll usually find a folder
named cutting room where the video will
appear. If you don't see the cutting
room folder, it might be because the app
hasn't been properly connected yet. In
that case, please contact Storyteller
support to ensure the cutting room app
is correctly linked to your account.
From there, you can edit the video
however you like and publish it whenever
you're ready.
[Music]